TOMORROW MAY NEVER COME.
New York...
...one of the biggest cities
in the world...
Every breath and heartbeat of the city
is filled with speed.
People are always in a hurry here.
They are in a hurry to leave home,
in a hurry to get to the office,
always in a hurry to be
a step ahead of life.
There is no place for anyone
who can't cope here.
Miles away from India,
this city is infested with Indians.
In fact, they say every fourth face
in New York is an Indian.
One more thing...
By the way, that's me.
This city taught me to be independent,
it taught me to fulfill
my responsibilities,
taught me to face life,
but it couldn't teach me to love.
Where was the time?
Whenever I watched the city from afar,
I felt my father was closer.
Whenever I missed him, I came here.
I am Naina Catherine Kapur
and this is my story.
But try and understand my problem.
I must have the loan extension please.
I know the resturant is centerly situated.
But there's competition around, Mr. Shah.
My mother, Jennifer.
After Papa passed away,
the entire responsibility
of the family fell on her.
But she never allowed us to ever
feel the burden of her sorrows.
- Thank you! I...
- I'm home.
Where were you?
Central Park.
Central Park? Why?
- To meet someone.
- Who?
To meet my boyfriend.
Bills! Bills! Bills!
Private and confidential.
What is this?
It's Sweetu's mail again.
When'll the mailman understand
that we are Kapur with a U.
and they are Kapoor with an O?
He always--
Were you crying?
No, you were crying.
No, Mom.
Mother and I,
we lied to each other every day.
Spinster Girl?
Kunwari kudi marriage bureau,
what's this?
Why don't you ask your grandmother?
It must be some new plan
to find you a groom.
But I don't want to get married!
Why doesn't grandmother leave me alone?
Why doesn't she just leave?
Mom! Where's she?
It's going to be eight.+
Hi Guys, 10 seconds to go.
8 seconds to go.
4,3,2,1.
Bang!
My grandmother, Lajjo.
She had three dreams.
One, that New York
becomes a part of Punjab.
Two, that I marry a Sardar,
and three, that my mother dies.
Saraswatiji, Lata, Asha and Usha
have served you
with their music for years.
But from today, Kammo,
Vimmo and I, Lajjo--
Hello!
Will serve you.
So without delay further
we are going to present you a song.
The words are "Pritam come hither."
The song is specially requested by
our neighbor, Chaddaji from Queens.
That's very kind of you.
Kammo... Vimmo...
-Go Lajjo...
Pritam, come hither.
My sad heart calls out to you.
Grandmother? Grandmother, stop it!
Oh God! You interrupted our prayers?
Insulted the goddess?
-Don't you have any shame?
Singing "Come hither" to Chaddaji?
Who's singing it to Chaddaji?
We are singing "Pritam, come hither."
- What is his first name?
- Pritam--
- And what is this?
- What?
This.
Wow! Pictures from Kunwari Kudi!
All three of them are so good-looking.
Three? They look like the same guy.
No, no. They are different.
Now what is that Kunwari Kudi ad?
Hey girl, hey girl, hey girl,
choose your groom and be free.
Choose one, two or three.
Grandmother! I am not interested
in marrying anyone, one, two or three.
If you don't marry,
my child, how will you have children?
I can have children.
There's no need to marry.
My brother Shiv, a handicap.
He couldn't play basketball
like the other boys,
but he could be quite irritating
like the other boys.
Shiv, put off the T.V.
Whenever I see,
it's always basketball!
Just because I can't play,
doesn't mean I can't see.
Don't get cute with me.
All right. Hurry up.
Gia, help him.
-Didi, did you see my new dolls?
-Gia!
This is Mother, this is you,
this is brother, this is me and--
You are awake!
Looking so good, like Hari Putter.
Harry Potter, grandmother.
Whatever, it's all the same.
- Good morning, grandmother.
- OK. OK.
What are you doing today?
Grandmother's love for Shiv was only
matched by her hatred for Gia.
Gia was adopted and probably that's why
she did not consider her our own.
And Gia, she always kept the grandmother
doll away from her perfect family.
Distance was not just
between the two in the family,
Guru Nanak and Jesus
had their own battle in the house.
It's so cold! Is the heater on?
You are always on, aren't you?
- What?
- Nothing!
- Will it?
- Shut up.
- Bet?
- Don't irritate me.
Chicken. It's just one dollar.
- What's for breakfast?
- Fruit and cereal.
- What?
- Cereal.
Has it started?
The serial, Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki?
Not the TV serial, the cereal we eat.
So what's new?
We eat that everyday.
Poor daughter-in-law,
she doesn't know how to make Indian food.
Our dear daughter-in-law, Jenny.
Do you know, Naina?
I saw a lovely dream last night.
In the dream,
I was eating hot potato flatbread,
with lots of white butter.
It reminded me of Chandigarh.
If you miss Chandigarh so much
then you must go there.
I'm going nowhere. If I leave,
what will happen to these children?
I'm very concerned about them.
And I'm concerned only about them.
Yes, of course,
why would you be concerned about me?
Who am I to you?
If only my son was alive today--
Only if he was alive.
Stop it. Just stop it.
Here's your dollar. You won.
As usuaI, are you happy now?
And both of you...just forget it.
My morning began the same way everyday.
Mama and Grandmother's fight,
followed by my angry walkout,
and then listening to my stupid neighbor,
Sweetu's, stupid chatter.
And what will you have?
Sweetu. Full name, Jasprit Kapoor.
Kapoor with two O's.
My neighbor,
and unfortunately best friend.
She has two problems.
The weight that she never loses,
and the fact
that she never feels sad about it.
- TeII, Na...
- One doubIe expresso pIease.
Here's your letter.
It came to our house again.
Your name had to be J. Kapoor.
- Naina! It's a blind date application.
- What application?
It's a very cool service,
it's very popular in New York.
Just fill in a form describing
the guy of your choice,
write something about yourself,
they match the details
and you get the guy.
And what have you written about yourself?
- I have written the truth.
- What did you write?
That from far,
I look like Aishwarya Rai.
And up close,
like Aishwarya Rai's house.
- Sweetu, look at me.
- I see you everyday.
- He's so cute. He's so hot.
- Shut up.
All you are interested in is boys.
What will happen?
You will get the boy you want,
you will get married,
you will have his children and then,
he will leave all of you and go away.
What will you do then?
I will marry again. What else?
Forget it!
Naina, my didi is right.
Babe's you need help.
You and your didi!
Bloody...
These people are eating all our business!
Jazz. Full name, Jaswinder Kapoor.
Sweetu's elder sister and unfortunately,
Mama's best friend and restaurant partner.
She had a problem too.
Youth, that she is desperately
holding on to.
and age that she refuses to accept.
- Customers!
- Hey, three coffee. please.
Coming up!
Thanks... mummy.
Look, I said I'm sorry Jenny.
- It's okay.
- It's not okay.
With great difficulty,
we have four or five customers coming in.
Thanks to you, if they run away,
what are we going to do?
- Listen to me.
- No, you Iisten to me.
You know, if we don't repay
the loan from the bank on time,
we will have to leave this place.
Then, what are we going to do.
I mean what... Just go!
Oh god! This rain.
I hate this rain.
- Naina!
- Opps! Sorry. That's my friend.
I forgot to tell you about him.
Meet Rohit Patel.
Son of Karsanbai & Sarlaben Patel.
Karsanbai was one of the richest Gujaratis
in America.
His food chain was quite popular
in the whole country.
Name, "Dial a Dhokla".
Rohit lived alone in New York.
As for work, in the last three years,
he had made no progress in advertising.
Hi guys. Have fun.
- Yes, Thank you.
- Good.
Okay. So, if I can get this fiIe
with this...
Ah JuIia!
Dinner at 8?
Dinner at 8... 8... Dinner!
- Dinner at 8
- Yeah.
AII right. I'm going to
pick you up at 7.30.
Poor Rohit,
he wasn't as cool as he thought he was.
But...
He never stopped trying.
- Hey Gorgeous!
- Are you taIking to me?
Who else?
You think I was talking to him?
My name is Rohit.
- Don't bother. I'm married...
- So what?
-So what if you are married--
-...to him.
- I'm sorry. I didn't mean it.
- Put him down.
Bye, take care.
Naina!
-So that's Rohit PateI.
-Naina
How do I know him?
For the last one year,
we have been taking MBA classes
in the evening.
- Sorry, I'm Iate.
- WaIk.
-What happened?
-Nothing, I was coming down in the lift--
Understood. What's the girl's name?
- I don't know.
- Husband or boyfriend, who hit you?
- Husband.
- What was his name?
It could be Hari Prasad Chaurasia--
How will I know the husband's name?
- Rohit, I'm feeling so bad.
- It's OK, I'll be fine.
He should have hit you more.
Thanks.
How was your weekend?
Fantastic! I went to London and Paris.
I don't think so,
anyway my weekend was rocking.
Leila and I, in the same room,
on the same bed, all weekend.
- You know what I mean.
- Oh pIease.
Oh...Ah LaiIa, stop it. Not there.
Stop it. No. Stop it.
Listen. WiII you!
Laila, no.
Thank God, you are not like
the other girls in New York.
You are neither sexy nor beautiful
and you always have time for me.
If it wasn't for you,
I would have died.
- I Iike you.
- Thanks Rohit.
Today is her first day, she is a divorcee.
For God's sake leave her alone.
- Please sit.
- Where?
I'd say in my heart,
but for now, right here behind me.
Sick!
PIease don't, okay.
I wonder what Rohit wrote
in his black diary,
I never asked him about it.
He was mad.
When I met him the first time,
I didn't like him at all.
But today, he's my friend,
a really good friend.
Basically, he's a nice guy
and this I can vouch for.
You know why?
Because that night
he did not cancel his date.
Rohit Patel, I forget
all my problems when I meet him.
Are you all right, my son?
Hope you are not hurt.
What sorry? Can't you see?
What if my Shiv had got hurt?
What are you doing?
She's just a child!
Child? You have spoilt her!
It's her duty to take care of her brother.
And yours,
to forgive not to raise your hand.
I haven't been able to forgive you,
so who's she?
- Forgive me? What have I done?
- Forget it.
No, tell me,
what wrong have I done?
Listen, just keep quiet.
The same comment every day,
please just say it today.
Don't make me open my mouth.
Why are you scared? Say it.
It's because of you, that my son--
Grandmother! Enough!
The fact that was known all these years
but never spoken about
was mentioned today.
Father's death was not accident.
He had taken his own life,
he committed suicide.
The truth is always bitter.
No one knows the truth.
Not even you.
Stop it Gia, stop it.
Don't cry now.
She hates me.
- No darIing, she doesn't hates you.
She hates you.
Don't say that.
She's angry now,
but everything will be alright.
When will everything be alright, Mother?
Do you know, when I was young,
I used to cry over little things.
My mother used to tell me
that Jesus sends his angel
to all of us to wipe our tears.
Angel?
AngeI darIing, AngeI!
Our angel will come,
he will wipe our tears.
He will give us lots of happiness,
and will leave our sorrow
somewhere far away.
When will our angel come?
Let's do one thing,
today in our prayers,
let's ask Jesus for our angel.
First, you will meet him,
you will marry him,
you'll have kids, then what?
And one day he will leave you all.
What will you do then?
I'll marry again, what else?
Please, give us some light
in these dark times, a little light.
And suddenly the season changed.
No one knows how, but moving aside
the gloomy clouds,
the sun smiled on all of us.
What are you doing guys?
Want to come & teach me, you shit.
If I could play,
I'd surely have played.
HeIIo boy, HeIIo girI, HeIIo doII.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm Aman... HeIIo.
Mama has said not to talk
to strangler's.
Not strangler's, silly. Strangers!
But I'm not a stranger.
I live in that opposite house.
That stupid Chadda uncle lives there.
That's my uncle.
- You made a Boo boo.
- Yes, he made a boo boo. It's okay.
I know he's a little stupid.
and I have also heard
that he has something on.
with a silly old hag here.
Old.
That's our grandmother.
- Oops! I made a
- Boo Boo!
I'm sorry.
What's your grandmother's name?
-Grandmother!
What a nice name!
Listen to us poor
and God will hear your prayers
What's this? Beggars in New York?
Those are not beggars,
that's our grandmother.
Oh! I'm sorry for you.
I'll do something about it.
Best of Iuck.
Listen to us poor
And God will hear your prayers.
You give us a dollar
And he will give you ten lakhs
Grandma! Grandma!
Lajjo!
He has heard our prayers!
-Who?
-God.
Grandma! Grandma?
Jennifer Lopez!
Spice Girls, here, here.
What's the matter?
We were praying to Goddess Saraswati!
You were not praying to Saraswati,
you were torturing her!
Now, Saraswati can't come here
herself, so, on her behalf I beg you.
-Don't sing!
-What?
What do you mean 'what'?
Just look at them,
these young children who are playing here.
It will have such a bad effect on them.
They will lose faith in music!
-And who are you to say all this?
-Yes!
I forgot to introduce myself.
I'm Aman Mathur, your new neighbor.
Chadda's nephew.
Chadda's nephew?
Lajjo, don't mind.
My nephew is a bit mischievous!
Chadda and Lajjo's love story,
doesn't care about age
and blooms in glory.
She's quite sexy!
- Chadda!
- Lajjo.
Lajjo, don't shout so much at this age.
If you do, it's straight--
If you guys are so fond of singing,
I will come and teach you.
Tell me, when do I play you guys?
Chadda!
He doesn't even know how to speak.
What's happening here?
What's this noise so early in the morning?
Nerd.
He comes to our locality
and stops us from singing?
We were singing so well
and he says we don't know how to sing.
- He's Chadda's relative.
- Let's speak to him.
♪ I saw someone moments ago. ♪
♪ Who is that girl? ♪
♪ The more I look at her ♪
♪ The more I wonder ♪
♪ What may I say to her? ♪
♪ I saw someone moments ago ♪
♪ Who is that girl? ♪
♪ Is she a bud? Is she a ray? ♪
♪ Or is she part of a legend? ♪
♪ The more I look at her,
the more I wonder ♪
♪ What may I say to her? ♪
♪ Pretty Woman ♪
♪ Look, Pretty Woman ♪
♪ Say with me, Pretty Woman ♪
♪ I saw someone moments ago.
Who is that girl? ♪
♪ Don't you see the sunshine
coming up today? ♪
♪ The more I look at her.
The more I wonder. ♪
♪ What may I say to her? ♪
♪ Pretty Woman ♪
♪ Look, Pretty Woman ♪
♪ Pretty Woman!
Look, Pretty Woman ♪
♪ Ya Pretty Woman! ♪
♪ Listen up, girI...
you're feeIing this way. ♪
♪ Don't you see the sunshine
coming up today? ♪
♪ You got to feeI it right,
just Iike day after night ♪
♪ Don't Iet the sunshine
out of your sight ♪
♪ I can feeI you... ♪
♪ I'm crazy about you.
Pretty Woman ♪
♪ The color of gold. ♪
♪ The color of crystal ♪
♪ The sight leaves me breathless,
I'm amazed ♪
♪ What trait is this? ♪
♪ Why is there so much of pride? ♪
♪ What secret is it? How will I say it? ♪
♪ Happy in a moment and angry too ♪
♪ She changes colors every moment ♪
♪ But when I look at her
I find her so beautiful ♪
♪ The more I look at her
the more I wonder ♪
♪ What may I say to her? ♪
♪ Go for it! ♪
♪ Her eyes hold an intoxication ♪
♪ Her tresses are like the clouds ♪
♪ Such trait,
O lovely one I had never seen ♪
♪ I see this fairy ♪
♪ It brings my heart alive ♪
♪ Isn't this a spell being a cast? ♪
♪ I know not her name
nor where she lives ♪
♪ But this much I surely know ♪
♪ The one she casts a look at
Will surely go crazy ♪
♪ The more I look at her,
the more I wonder ♪
♪ What may I say to her? ♪
I know. Everyone heard it this morning.
I never knew that Chadda had a nephew.
I didn't even know
that my uncle's neighbors
are so beautiful.
I was talking about your mother.
That shows on your face.
Do you know,
I saw so much color together in our street
for the first time today?
It's a boring sort of a street.
But don't worry. Now that I am here,
just see what happens in future.
You must have come here
on important business.
- No, not at all. Just to get married.
- Really?
Jennifer, I want to marry your daughter!
Do you mind?
I'm taIking to Gia.
Gia, my sweet heart
wiII you marry me?
-Yeah, pIease...
-No... no.
Doesn't matter...
Just one thing, is she in a bad mood
or was she born this way?
- She has always been like this.
- Don't say that.
- Please, don't mind her.
- This is a childhood problem.
Anyway, IoveIy to meet you aII.
I will see you guys
at about seven or eight.
- Seven or eight?
- For dinner.
At your place,
I'm your new neighbor.
Obviously you will invite us
to show your hospitality... won't you?
Okay! Okay! Okay!
Actually not seven, let's do eight.
I'm a bit busy.
After I go, she will be angry with you
for inviting me to dinner.
But don't worry,
it's a childhood problem.
She won't say any such thing.
Where was the need
to invite him for dinner?
Yes, what was the need?
One minute, weren't you there?
I did not invite him, he invited himself.
I tell you Lajjo,
Mrs. Sharma was telling me--
- Who?
- From Kunwari Kudi. She was saying
these young good looking boys
come from India.
- and take our girls for a ride.
- Ride? For what?
- For a card.
- For a ration card.
Oh Shut up.
For a Green card, what else?
Lord! Did you hear that?
Lord, please protect us.
Oh forget it aunty. It's just one guy.
I can handle an entire army.
I'm inviting Sweetu and Rohit for dinner.
- Rohit? A boy!
- Is he single?
He's a boy, he's single,
and he is Gujarati.
- Gujarati!
- They are vegetarians.
- He's a close friend. Just like Sweetu.
- Sweetu?
I was getting ready for my blind date.
- Blind date?
- A date with a blind boy.
No wonder she has blind folded herself!
Blind date means, a date with a boy
who has never seen me.
And when he sees,
he will be blinded with shock.
How rude is that?
Anyway Naina, I can't come
tonight bye aII.
Bye baII make your caII.
I'm coming! Wait for me.
- Hey Naina.
- Hey Rohit. What's up?
- What are you doing?
- Nothing, I'm with Gita.
- Gita.
- Yeah you remember Gita.
Exchange student from our cIass.
She lives in Soho with two other girls.
Two other girls?
You have got a bonus.
- WeII.
- Yes.
- Rohit!
You are coming over for dinner tonight.
Yes, Mom has invited some stupid neighbors
for dinner, so you come too.
- What time?
- 8 o clock.
8 o clock? Such a short notice?
Sorry, Mrs. Sharma.
But the honor of my family
now lies in your hands.
You have really put me in a tight spot.
-Sardar! Sardar!
-The boy should be a Sardar, please.
Enter this, they want a Sardar boy.
- Should I go then?
- Shut up!
All you think of is your marriage.
Sorry! Give me the address.
Where were you?
Why so late.
- Go and ask supermarket.
- Naina's come home...
Let me heIp, cIose the door darIing.
Jenny?
Naina's home.
Not so much, it's too much.
I said I'd do it, Jenny.
Thank you.
What's the need?
What have I done?
I'm just impressing my mother-in-law.
What do you say?
- You're very sweet.
- You're aIso very sweet.
I know her.
I forgot to tell you, Rohit called.
He said he would be
15 to 20 minutes late.
- Sweet boy. Boy friend.
- Friend!
Mom, I need to speak to you in private.
Gia, go out!
Now what is it?
- Mom.
- What are you doing Naina?
- This Aman...
- Aman's mother.
- Greeting, Aunty.
- Greeting.
Can't see Lajjo anywhere?
Yes, sometimes we are lucky.
So funny.
- Is it our house or theirs?
- Mine.
See I've got a new T.shirt.
- Wow! Who gave it to you?
- Aman.
- Mr.Mathur
- Yeah darIing.
- Don't caII me darIing.
- Then caII me Aman.
Naina, open your mouth.
- Is something less?
- Salt.
Even you have the same problem.
Why are you following me?
Don't you have anything to do?
The restaurant accounts are so bad.
It's our private affair.
- Let me look.
- I'm sorry, my son is really mad.
- I'm really sorry, child.
- I t's okay.
What is this?
When will you change your chidhood habit?
One slap in the childhood
should have helped.
-Tell me.
-Lajjo, this pink really suits you.
Your blue is not so bad either.
Mr. blue, Ms. Pink, the dinner is ready.
I can see that.
Indian Food!
I'm sure Jenny hasn't made it.
Aman helped a lot!
Congratulations on getting a new servant!
Congratulations on getting
a new son-in-law.
Keep the change.
Your father must be a waiter.
Excuse me, I'm Iooking
for No.29
Twenty Seven Kapoors.
Wrong house.
Oh, my darling son,
you must eat all the Indian food
that's cooked today.
You have become white
eating that silly bread everyday.
Here, have some rice.
Bread has no good things.
He looks so good my son.
Just like Rakesh Roshan.
Hrithik Roshan, stop it, grandmother!
Stop it sister... stop it.
I'm seeing it for the first time
in New York,
- had seen it once in Bombay.
- What?
BEST bus. There comes your blind date.
- Rohit's here.
- I'll get it.
I said I'll get it.
- O heIIo.
- HeIIo!
- You?
- Yes, me.
- Have you come from the bureau?
- Yes.
But I asked for a Sardar on the phone.
And I wrote young on the form.
It's not me, it's my granddaughter.
Sweetu... he is here.
Oh! You call her Sweetu at home. Cute.
Come on...
- Sweetu!
- Guru!
No, no. My name's Guru.
Come, my son.
- Mrs Kapoor!
- Miss Kapoor.
♪ Come into my arms ♪
- Music.
- ♪ Come into my arms ♪
You look like you are Sweetu's sister.
- I am Sweetu's sister. siIIy boy
- What?
What's the matter? Our guest is our God.
Just sit down.
You naughty, you never told us,
Rohit is so handsome.
You are Rohit.
Who did you call Rohit?
Who's Rohit?
What is this Rohit business? His name is--
Guru, Guru, Guru, get started.
- Who is Guru?
- You 'Guru'...
Forget it. Tell me, where do you live?
I live in Jackson heights.
First, I had my den in Mumbai,
I left Mumbai and took an entry into US.
What say?
Absolutely fit!
Want to have chicken? Naina's made it.
- Who's Naina?
- That one, nerd.
- Who else lives in your house?
- Where?
At home, there's Mom, me and Master.
- You mean your father?
- Master is a dog.
Never say such things about your father!
What do you do?
- Video Pirate!
- PiIot?
Piracy! Long live video piracy.
You mean theft?
Don't call me a thief.
Who did you call a thief?
Don't you get scared, my son?
What's to get scared?
Big brothers, they handle everything.
- How many brothers do you have?
- How many brothers do you have? there.
Up there? You mean even he's a pilot?
- Up there meaning dead.
- Oh! I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
What happened?
Mom, Dad, live in Connecticut.
And I'm alone in Manhattan.
You speak too much.
Just look into my eyes, what do you see?
- Bathroom.
- Bathroom?
- The bathroom is over there.
- Where?
- There!
Everything will be alright.
The mother's slightly mad
but everything will be alright.
- Hello!
Why are you guys shouting?
You old hag! I'm running out of here.
This doesn't work for me.
And this Specs,
she's like cactus, thorny.
What Sweetu is she man?
- You are Sweetu?
- Who are you?
You are mine.
Look, I have come to the wrong house.
I came to meet Naina, I'm going.
- Please, don't go.
- I'm going.
If you need any DVDs or video tapes,
you must come to my shop.
- You'll come, won't you?
- Yes!
Please don't go.
Let me go.
For God's sake, let me go!
- You!
- Are you alright?
- I'm fine
Those guys are lunatics!
- I wiII caII you Iater.
- I wiII also caII you Iater.
Run! Run!
You are laughing?
Normal people find such situations funny.
Are you trying to say, I'm not normal?
If you are normal, then I'm Sridevi.
You are not normal.
Since morning, you have been behaving
like you have known us for years.
Not years, darling. For ages.
In fact, I feel our bond
is from several past lifetimes.
Listen, you are our neighbor
so behave like one.
Open the door.
May I please borrow half a cup of milk?
Didn't you just say that I should behave
like a neighbor?
So, may I have half a cup of milk?
Look. Please take this
happy-go-lucky nature
and knock on someone else's door.
And we're genuineIy
not interested.
And I'm warning you.
- What happened?
- What's your problem?
- Problem?
- Yes, why do you feel
that the entire weight of the world
is on your delicate shoulders?
Who are you? Don't...
What's the point of praying to God,
when you don't know how to value
the life he has given?
Excuse me! What do you know
about my life anyway?
Not much, but enough to say
that in your eyes
perhaps you don't have much.
But look at your life
through someone else's eyes
- and you'll know you have a lot.
- Now I have to hear a lecture.
Listen. Live, be happy, smile. Who knows?
Tomorrow may never come.
Anyway, I will teach you to smile.
It is a simple three part process.
One, two, three...
Try it. One, two, three...
Try it.
- One, two, three...
- Don't touch me.
God, the poor thing
has forgotten how to smile.
Just keep practicing
and it will come back.
- Your probIem is that you think.
- I know! I am very sexy.
But you are not my type.
For now, just practice.
- Forget it. I am sorry.
- One more time.
I kept thinking the whole night,
was that idiotic Aman right?
Had I really forgotten to smile?
Of course she smiles,
the last time she smiled when...
Now she will smile
only during her wedding.
Whenever she was with her father,
she smiled.
When the big brother threatens her,
she will smile then.
What a beautiful smile.
- Whose?
- Priya's, who else?
The wedding photograph.
- Where did you find it?
- It was lying in this file.
I spoke to Priya today,
she said you are meeting her today?
I was just going there.
- Should I come with you?
- What will you do there?
In any case,
I want to speak to Priya in private.
Aren't you scared?
I'm not scared.
You keep worrying unnecessarily.
There's nothing to worry about.
Come here, everything will be alright.
Everything will be alright.
Nothing will be alright,
till you lose weight
you are not going to get a boy.
- But I'm trying, Naina.
- I can see that.
Wow! He is so cute, Naina.
- He looks cute to you?
- You don't find any guy cute!
- That's not true.
- I can't hear anything. No!
You were listening to our conversation?
I wasn't listening,
I was trying to listen.
If you speak so softly,
how do you expect me to listen?
Excuse me, move... move....
We didn't meet that day,
I'm Ms. Grumpy's new neighbor, Aman.
- Grumpy?
- I'm her old neighbor, Sweetu.
- We were talking.
- Now, we are talking.
Look, Sweetu, Any guy who looks
at your figure and loves you...
- He will be blind!
- ...will be wrong. Ignore her.
He should look into your heart deeply.
- You're right.
- I am always right.
Tell me something,
is there a guy here that you like?
That one.
Yuck! I mean, yes!
RamdayaI?
His name is Ramdayal?
You know him?
No, but he looks the Ramdayal type.
RamdayaI?
- Yeah. CaIIing me?
- I am taIking to you, RamdayaI.
- Name's Frankie!
- Frankie RamdayaI
This girlfriend of mine
wants to leave me for you,
she says you are cool, sexy,
she says your hairstyle is awesome.
What do I do Sweetu,
If I've not seen DiI Chahta Hai?
I don't know much about hairstyles.
- Are you going to leave me for this--
- What?
Sorry, Ramdayal.
How would you feel if I left you for her?
You are a Iucky dog, RamdayaI.
Go Sweetu, go live your life.
Be happy, Be prosperous.
Be happy with Ramu.
Is he coming?
Come quickly.
Come on... come on...
- Hi! Franky here.
- Hi! I'm Jaspreet.
Jas...what?
- Sweetu.
- Sweetu, sweet name.
I DJ at Club Nirvana.
Tonight's the retro night.
Why don't you guys come along?
And get your mom too.
You take care, man.
Everything will be alright.
How did you like my performance?
- Awsome.
- Awful.
You are jealous,
because now Sweetu has a boyfriend
- and you don't, Mom!
- I do have a boyfriend!
- You do?
- You do? Who's he?
Rohit.
But you said Rohit was just a friend.
I said that because I don't talk
about my personal life to everyone.
But you should have told me.
Oh! Sweetu, don't mind.
We'll go to the disco.
Ms.Grumpy won't be there.
Rohit and I will come!
We won't go.
- But why? Rohit.
- I said no!
Gita is coming home for dinner.
You can do all this
but you can't come for dinner with me?
Naina, try to understand.
- Gita says she likes me--
- Why won't she say that?
After all she's found
a father for her kids.
- Liar!
- So she's a liar and you?
I lied because
that stupid Aman irritates me a lot.
He just met you yesterday.
How can he irritate you so much?
- Do you know what he was saying?
- What?
You won't believe it.
That I don't laugh.
I don't know how to smile,
that I don't have a life.
That I don't know how to live.
Naina, all that is true.
I know, But why should I hear it from him?
- Two cream bageIs!
- Low fat.
I want to show him
that even I can have a boyfriend.
Who's cool, handsome and sexy.
- How much?
- Three doIIars.
- Thanks.
-What did you say?
- How much?
- Three doIIars.
- Before that.
- Before what?
- Before how much? Just a second Iady.
- Three dollars.
Oh that....
That you are handsome, cool and sexy.
You mean that?
Do you really think I'm sexy?
Ofcourse, Rohit.
You are right! Just for that
stupid Aman we don't have to...
- No... No... Let's do it.
- Let's do what?
Me boy friend.
You girI friend.
- What about Gita?
- Who's Gita?
So we'll meet this evening at Nirvana.
- Yeah! What do you guys say?
- Having fun.
Sweetu, I'm going to the DJ cabin.
You want to come, babe?
Yeah sure.
Aman, he caIIed me Babe.
I Iove you Aman.
Now, go & Iove him.
By the way, where did you two meet?
- In the park.
- Park?
In the park?
But I thought you two study together
in the MBA classes?
So what? Can't we meet in the park?
Of course you can meet,
but what were you doing in the park?
Very good question.
I had taken my dog for a walk.
And she had taken her dog for a walk.
That's strange.
But Naina doesn't have a dog.
- Yes.
- No.
I had taken my neighbor's dog for a walk.
That's stranger.
I'm your neighbor, and I don't have a dog.
Naina, you silly girl, you're forgetting,
you took my dog for a walk that day.
Rohit, you siIIy siIIy boy.
If she took your do for a walk,
then whose dog did you take for a walk?
I have two dogs.
In fact, I have a lot of dogs in my house.
In fact, at times even I feel like a dog.
And then we met at a friend's house.
What's your friend's name?
- Gita!
- Gita?
That same Gita with two filthy children.
HeIIo Gita, hi.
Rohit, what are you doing here?
Didn't you say that you were going out
with your family?
Meet my mom and dad.
He's a funny man.
Gita, my chiId!
I just got to know that
their love story was born in your house.
My house?
Oh, I'm sorry. Aren't you the same Gita
who has two filthy children?
Filthy children?
- How dare you?
- Are you mad? LittIe AngeI.
Shut up you liar. You didn't even teII me
you had a girI friend.
I didn't know it myself.
She is not my girlfriend.
You didn't even teII me
you had a girI friend.
-Rohit, I'm confused, what's going on?
-Ask her!
Naina, what's going on?
I'm very confused.
You just shut up.
You knew all along that Rohit and I
are not seeing each other.
- Then why did you act?
- Was I acting or were you?
It's all because of you.
Didn't you say "laugh, sing, smile"?
I didn't say he he he...
I said EEEEEEEEEEE.
Oh, pIease just keep quiet.
What do you think?
Coming here, dancing, singing
and drinking, means living life?
Well anyone can do it.
But I don't want to do it.
That's because you can't do it.
You're a bloody bore.
You're a cute boy.
- Tell me about Gita, she's very hot.
- She's very hot man.
- Is one of her two kids yours?
- Hey, you mad--
Nice, come on.
Yeah, come on, go ahead.
- Way to go!
- Wow, Come on...
You naked girl, get down!
Hey babie, I'm taIking to you.
Come on get down...
Come on get down!
Get down you scum!
Hey, stop this music.
She's taking her clothes off.
That doesn't matter.
Everyone here is nude anyway.
Come on, Naina...
♪ Mine is a crazy heart. ♪
♪ What has it to fear. ♪
♪ When I sway to the beat ♪
♪ What have I to feel shy
or hesitate about? ♪
♪ Let's dance, let's sing ♪
♪ Let's say together ♪
♪ it's the time to disco ♪
♪ There's no saying whom you might find ♪
♪ Mine is a crazy heart. ♪
♪ What has it to fear? ♪
♪ When I sway to the beat. ♪
♪ What have I to feel shy
or hesitate about? ♪
♪ Let's dance, let's sing. ♪
♪ And let's say together. ♪
♪ There's no saying whom you might find. ♪
♪ Bodies gyrate to the pulsating beat. ♪
♪ Hearts being carried
away in the storm. ♪
♪ That's our state
We're drowned in merriment ♪
♪ Lose yourself, make merry. ♪
♪ Say to the one who provokes you. ♪
♪ This colorful evening,
Dancing to the spirits. ♪
♪ There's intoxication in the air. ♪
♪ What has sobriety to do? ♪
♪ It's all about young hearts. ♪
♪ This is the way to be. ♪
♪ And say it openly. ♪
♪ it's the time to disco. ♪
♪ Whom might you come up against? ♪
♪ Mine is a crazy heart. ♪
♪ What has it to fear? ♪
♪ When I sway to the beat ♪
♪ What have I to feel shy or
hesitate about? ♪
♪ Let's dance, let's sing. ♪
♪ And let's say together. ♪
♪ it's the time to disco. ♪
♪ Whom might you come up against...? ♪
- Listen, I'm telling you.
- What?
- I think she's drunk.
- Rohit, one minute.
Naina fell down.
Rohit also fell down.
Okay, then.
- Naina, What's going on here?
- How dare he? Let's leave--
Who are you?
I'm Aman and you are Naina.
- And he is Mohammed Ali?
- Yeah.
Shut up. I'm going.
What's going on?
Why? Didn't you say laugh, smile, live?
And now when I'm enjoying,
you say let's go home.
You are so confused.
Hey, even I'm confused.
Is he Mohammed Ali?
Shut up. I'm going.
- Now, listen.
- No, leave me. Leave me!
- Listen...
- Shut up!
If you scream,
I'll slap you across your face!
- Why are you shouting?
- I'm not shouting.
Now you two hold hands
and start walking.
Idiot, not each other's.
Hold my hand and come on.
- What is it? Say it.
- Can I say something?
It feels like we are all going to school.
Yes, dad used to hold my hands like this
and take me to school.
- What happened to you?
- I miss Dad.
I'm sorry, when did he die?
He's alive!
Can't I just miss him?
I miss my Dad very much.
I don't know why he had
to leave us and go away.
I miss him.
- Yeah,
- Thank you sir.
Hey! Naina!
You don't look nice when you cry.
You look nice when you are angry.
Whenever you miss your father,
think about me, you'll get angry.
I really like you.
I like you.
My day is not complete
until I have met you.
You are so cute.
Hey, I'm not cute, okay.
I'm Mohammed AIi.
No, you are cute...
- Good mornign, LaiIa...
- Good morning, Rohit.
LaiIa!
Laila!
You have learnt to speak?
Yeah-- What?
What do you mean speak?
Last night the two of you
had gone berserk,
I came to drop you.
Got late, so I stayed back.
- No probIem.
- Okay, can I've some water pIease?
PIease get it yourseIf.
Oh god! Iast night!
- Good morning Kanthaben.
- Kanta!
The newspaper and breakfast are ready.
What should I get for the guest?
Banana!
Rohit, won't you introduce us?
- This is--
- Aman!
- And this is--
- Kantaben.
Kantaben, how are you? Ok?
Anything else?
- No.
- Kantaben!
- So you didn't meet Naina in the park?
- Park?
No, we met in the MBA classes.
You know, when I met her the first time
I didn't like her at all.
- But now--
- I know.
Isn't it strange?
You guys are so close to each other,
you spend so much time together,
you even take your dogs
for walks together.
Do you want more?
I mean do you want more?
No, no. No more.
With Naina,
I'm happy with just friendship.
Not Naina,
I was talking about the milk.
- Do you want more?
- Oh yeah, IittIe pIease.
- Anyway Thank you, bye.
- see you Aman.
Sorry, I forgot to tell you.
I didn't know much about Naina,
but now I know everything.
Thanks to your diary.
- You read my diary?
- Not all of it...
Only till the part where you have written
that you wear red underwear.
- Red underwear...
- Aman, that's not cooI.
You can't read my diary.
- Jenny! Hi!
- Hi!
How did you like the service?
I liked it. Specially--
- I'll come every Sunday.
- Jennifer.
- Coming father, coming.
- Okay I see you bye!- Bye.
- You?
- You? What are you doing here?
Wherever I go you follow me,
I beg you please leave me alone.
You are back? Please go away, go!
Naina! I was joking, come on.
I want to say something to you.
I don't want to listen to anything.
- You shouldn't say no in God's house.
- I...
Last night, for the first time I felt
that you are like all other girls.
But for some reason,
you want to hide the girl in you.
And one more thing.
Wherever he is,
your Dad is looking at you.
Your anger, your sorrow,
he's watching everything.
And perhaps he's crying with you too.
Now you can't wipe his tears from here,
but you can stop them
by smiling and laughing.
With your dimpIe oops
wrong side... this side.
And Naina, please leave my hand,
what will people say?
Aman Mathur's magic was
spreading in all the directions,
whether we liked it or not.
Everyone was being swept off their feet.
On Aman's insistence grandmother, Kammo
and Vimmo had given up their music...
and had embraced a new passion to--
♪ Kill us, Allah, kill us ♪
Excellent, what a performance!
And while this was the situation upstairs,
downstairs was a cookery special.
Half a spoon.
No, full spoon
- Half...
- Full...
What did you do?
Aman could do anything...
Anything.
- Gia's perfect family had a new entry.
- Aman. I love you Aman.
And as for me,
I was laughing, I had learnt to smile.
It was scary...
So much happiness...
what if sorrow was just round the corner?
Hey, What happened?
Why are you sitting quiet?
Has someone died?
Shut up, Aman!
I need some more time.
No, you can't get time.
The restaurant is going to shut,
you've to order now.
I'm not talking about the restaurant.
Priya! I'm joking.
It's not the time to joke.
It's a serious probIem.
I had told you
before you came to New York.
What do you mean? Are you saying
I shouldn't have come?
When did I say that?
Isn't that what you are saying?
You don't understand.
- I need time, yours and mine.
- Okay!
I understand, Priya.
I came to New York just for you,
because of you.
Now whatever you say, I will do it.
And as for time, all my time is yours.
How much time?
We have to leave this place in two months.
- Can I do something?
- God Almighty!
Such bad days that we have to
seek help from a Gujarati?
Wonder who's evil eye has fallen on us.
Must be yours.
And when did you ever help me
that you are feeling bad today?
Mom please.
Now the two of you don't start.
- This is a serious probIem.
- With a simpIe soIution.
Shut up, Aman.
It's our family problem.
That's why I'm saying.
- But we aren't--
- Shut up, Specs!
Jenny, this restaurant of yours
doesn't run and frankly, it shouldn't.
How will it run?
Why should it?
Just tell me what is available
in this restaurant
that isn't available anywhere else
on this street? Nothing.
Come here.
Why does that Chinese restaurant
do so well?
The Bloody fools' restaurant works
because they have got their culture
and their country to this place.
- Did I say wrong?
- Not at all!
We should do the same.
We have a great advantage
which we must make use of being Indians.
We must get India to New York.
- Yes, incIuding, Gujarat.
- Yes I'm with you.
We have to get India here,
bring it to this small street and
spread it in all the directions.
Because India can do
anything, anywhere, anytime.
- So who are they?
- They are Chinese.
Chinese, Japanese--
- But Aman--
- No, Jenny. You have to try.
There's no harm in trying.
because those who try, they never lose.
Never!
Come on, everybody come on India.
You're with me, come on.
- What do you say?
- Greetings.
♪ Now and forever ♪
♪ Speak up in one voice. ♪
♪ May victory be ours
And defeat be theirs' ♪
♪ Now and forever ♪
♪ Speak up in one voice ♪
♪ May victory be ours
And defeat be theirs ♪
♪ Let nothing deter you ♪
♪ Keep marching on ♪
♪ Break the shackles ♪
♪ Break the finger
That rises against you ♪
♪ Close the five of them together ♪
♪ To make a fist ♪
♪ May no one ever defeat us ♪
♪ Keep marching on ♪
♪ May those who clash with us fall apart ♪
♪ We shall shake the earth ♪
♪ We will shake everyone up ♪
♪ Be he king or subject ♪
♪ Let what is to be, be ♪
♪ keep marching on ♪
♪ Bow not your head. ♪
♪ Keep marching on ♪
♪ May no one ever defeat us ♪
♪ May those who clash with us fall apart ♪
♪ Keep marching on ♪
- Excuse me! Are you open?
-Yes.
-Why?
-Yes. Why?
Why, what?
God knows where you have come from
and suddenly so much has changed.
I mean you don't even know us.
I just don't understand why?
I did all this for you.
I did all this because of you, Naina.
Isn't that what you wanted to hear?
- No, no.
- Good, good. I was just joking.
Eyes.
Have you seen your mother's eyes?
There's a lot of pain in them.
Whatever I have done,
it's for those eyes.
I have a problem.
I can't see any mother's sorrow or pain.
Because mothers are strange.
When God made them, he gave all things
that were meant to be here, here,
in their hearts. So this is where
they think from, understand and love.
And they have another problem too.
They eavesdrop a lot,
and start crying at the smallest things.
Look, mine must be crying right now.
Crazy!
What?
I did so much for you,
- at the least thank me.
- Thank you.
Specs?
Naina!
What happened, Naina?
I can't see anything!
Now?
What's going on?
The glasses are gone,
you are looking pretty,
and now you are laughing.
- I mean where's Naina?
- Shut up.
- Whenever I am with you, I'm happy.
- How sweet.
Rohit, can I ask you something?
What's to ask? My answer is yes.
- Ask.
- Has it ever happened to you.
that initially you didn't
like someone at all,
then suddenly you like
that someone a little,
- and then a lot, and then--
- Then?
- +You know.
- Why are you asking me all this?
Just like that.
- Just like that?
- Yeah, just like that.
- Naina, come on.
- I'm going...
No Iisten. Come on, teII me.
Rohit, I'm going.
At least hear my answer.
♪ Something has happened... ♪
♪ Something surely has happened ♪
Have you fallen in love?
There's no such thing as love.
If there's a marriage,
it's always arranged!
Love, the body does not know to love.
It only knows hunger,
hunger for lust.
Love, love is Yash Chopra's songs.
Love, love is to chill.
Love, I'll just tell you.
♪ Something has stirred. ♪
♪ Something surely stirred. ♪
♪ In the last couple of days
I've felt as if ♪
♪ Everything has changed. ♪
♪ Everything is new. ♪
♪ Something has happened.
something sureIy has happened. ♪
♪ I keep things somewhere
And forget about them. ♪
♪ Absent-mindedly
I hum to myself. ♪
♪ When I'm all alone
I smile to myself. ♪
♪ So different now. ♪
♪ Is my style. ♪
♪ Something has stirred.
Something sureIy has stirred ♪
♪Ever since I have found
my heart melting. ♪
♪ My mood has been swell too. ♪
♪ I meet everyone with a smile nowadays. ♪
♪ I'm happy. ♪
♪ With whatever I've found. ♪
♪ Something has happened.
Something sureIy has happened ♪
♪ I find sparkling colors
In everything I look at ♪
♪ My path strewn with stars
I now find ♪
♪ I find roses
So much more beautiful ♪
♪ As if the air too. ♪
♪ Is filled with a fragrance. ♪
♪ Something has happened.
Something sureIy has happened. ♪
♪ I take better care of myself. ♪
♪ I keep wondering
How I look ♪
♪ Whenever I see mirror ♪
♪ I check out my appearance ♪
♪ This face of mine. ♪
♪ Now breaks into a smile. ♪
♪ This is a high we both feel ♪
♪ It's a wave we both flow with ♪
♪ Make what you will
This is love ♪
♪ I have found love. ♪
♪ And lost my heart. ♪
♪Something has happened.
Something sureIy has happened. ♪
Love-- When in love
everything begins to look beautiful.
Every dream seems to come true.
All your goals change direction.
Even the wind changes its course.
You start looking at colors.
And now even red starts to look nice.
Every moment, every time, always,
there's only one name on the lips.
- Naina.
- Aman.
Sweetu.
Sweetu, Sweetu, Sweetu...
Do you love him?
- I Iove Frankie
- I Iove Aman.
- What?
- Can't you hear? I love Naina!
- Where are you?
- I'm here. At home.
I'll be there.
- Priya, I have to go.
- Where are you going?
Something important has come up.
What can be more important than this?
I'll tell you later, I'm sorry.
- Aman.
- I love you.
I love him.
Sweety I love him.
I didn't think this would happen to me.
And with Aman.
At first,
I used get angry with everything he did
and now, I love those very same things.
I think of him day and night,
and I keep feeling like he is with me,
where ever I go.
You think I have gone mad?
No!
You are not mad, this is love!
Oh my god! I am so excited.
You are in Iove and I'm in Iove.
But what should I do now?
What do you mean what to do?
Go and tell her.
It's not that easy, Sweetu.
I mean,
I don't even know about his feelings.
Until you ask her, how will you know?
Go and tell her.
Be a man.
Even I'm going to tell Frankie
about my love. You should do it, too.
- Tell her.
- Tell him.
- Hello!
- Hi, Rohit.
Naina!
- Why did you call him?
- You should have called her first.
Rohit, I want to ask you something
and tell you something too.
Even I want to ask you something.
- Yeah, tell me.
- Not like this.
- Water's Edge at four?
- Cool.
Okay, bye, see you then.
- Yes...
- Yes.
Today I'm going to say
what I feel for her.
- I Iove you Aman...
- I Iove you too.
Thank you.... you're the best.
- I Iove you!
- I'm so excited. Thank you so much.
- Did you hear something?
- No, I didn't.
Kantaben.
Keep the change
She's here. Start...
- Hi!
Nice place.
- Nice dress.
- Nice tie.
- Okay, stop.
- Okay.
I Iove Aman!!!
You Iove Aman. You Iove Aman.
Oh god, you Iove Aman.
Yes, man.
Yes, I knew it.
I just knew that you were
hiding something from me.
I knew you would be shocked
with the news!
Shock!
I can't tell you how shocked I am!
My god Rohit, I'm reaIIy nervous yeah.
You think he loves me?
He has to be insane not to love you.
Come on Rohit, Iet's be serious.
Should I tell him?
- No.
- What?
Go! Please, go! Of course!
Ok, so I'm going!
Naina, When you tell him,
please give him these flowers.
Oh Rohit, you are so cute.
I Iove you. Thank you, Bye.
I love you.
Mother! I'm home.
Hey Aman, It's me.
- Hi!
- Hi, no thank you.
We don't want to buy anything.
Just kidding. Come on in.
- Thank you.
- No, not now.
Later?
It's good you came.
I just made some tea, will you have some?
Oh god, Iook at your hair.
Let me dry your hair.
Come here, be quiet for a minute.
Catching a chiII...
Yeah much better. Sit down....sit.
Now tell me,
will you eat something?
- No.
- Good. There's nothing at home anyway.
New dress.
Thank you. You Iike it.
Just bought it today.
I hate it.
Why did you buy it?
- It's raining outside.
- I'm sitting in my house.
I know.
Even I know,
Naina, that it's raining outside.
I can see it...
Aman... I... I...
- I...
- I have go it so far.
What are you stammering for? Go ahead.
- I am going.
- It's okay. I'm sorry.
It's raining outside.
And your dress is very nice.
Yes, come on, Iet's start...
Where were we? I...
- Who's this?
- Who?
That's me.
I know that, but who's this?
- That's Priya.
- Priya?
Yes, Priya, my wife.
She is the reason why
mother and I have come to New York.
I'm so silly.
I never told you about it.
I keep talking about everything
and forget to mention
the most important things.
Priya and I married three years ago.
And after marriage it was
the usual husband-wife squabbles.
One day, it went out of hand and
I said some nasty things to her.
She got angry,
she left home and came to New York.
Her parents live here.
My mother and I followed her here,
to take our Priya back home.
But she's still angry with me.
She says she needs more time.
But I know everything will be alright.
You know how it is?
Isn't she so pretty?
Yes.
Why are you crying?
Oh god, aII you women are the same...
Don't worry,
everything will be alright.
I'm telling you,
everything will be alright!
-Can I go?
-Please stay, Priya. I mean Naina.
I'm reaIIy sad...
Me too...
I'm going.
Flowers?
They are not for you.
They are for Chadda uncle.
If it wasn't for you,
we would never have met these nice people.
Stay happy.
Won't you stay?
No, aunty. That's it!
Naina, it's raining outside,
why don't you take this towel?
- Bye Aman!
- Bye!
Do you love her?
Who?
There's no such thing.
I don't love Naina.
But when did I say Naina?
I don't love her!
I'm your mother.
You can't lie to me.
So what do you want me to do?
Tell her the truth?
When you can't face the truth
after knowing everything,
how will Naina bear it?
What do I do, Mom?
What do I say?
How do I say that for the first time
this heart is beating for someone.
My heart is breathing someone's name...
...And for the first time this heart
has loved someone.
How do I say,
"Naina the love from
this heart is very strong
but the heart itself is very weak."
How do I give her my weak heart, Mom?
How do I tell her
that the girl in the photograph
is not my wife,
she is my friend, my doctor.
Who's fighting day and night
just to keep me alive for a few more days?
I'm dying, Mom.
That's not true.
Priya said a transplant is possible.
After that everything will be alright.
Everything!
Everything will be alright.
I'm your son, you can't lie to me.
No, Mom, please!
If you become weak,
who will give me strength?
I will hide my tears and pain
but will you be able to hide your love?
It's not my love anymore.
It's someone else's.
I just have to help it reach
the right destination.
That's my only dream now.
And God has to fulfill this dream for me.
He has to.
Priya, I want to ask you something.
Tell me the truth.
Do I have very little time?
Ah! Aman, you know...
That stupid face,
how do you make that face?
I have tried so many times.
Is it Doctor's special?
- What did you tell Naina?
- What's to tell Naina?
Actually Naina has a mental problem.
She thinks whoever loves her,
leaves her and goes away.
If I leave her too, she will go insane.
She's half way there anyway.
And anyway,
you know the effect I have on girls.
Except me, of course.
Yes, That's because you are taller.
It will take time,
but will definitely have an effect.
- You reaIIy Iove her, don't you?
- I do.
I can't beIieve it.
I have known you for so many years
but I have never seen you like this.
- How did you manage this?
- It's kind of strange.
All my life I ran away from love,
and now when life is running away from me,
I have bumped into love.
Tell me the truth, Priya.
Do I really have very little time?
Can't anything be done?
Tell me the truth, please.
Aman, as soon as you get a donor--
How will it have effect otherwise?
Is it having any effect?
While it was a season
of heartbeats at one end
it was a season of heartbreaks
on the other.
One was my heart, the other was Gia's,
whose Aman turned out to be unfaithful.
I love you, Aman.
And poor Rohit,
even Leila had found someone.
But Rohit... Well...
But the greatest heartbreak was--
- He doesn't Iove me, Naina.
- Sweetu, don't cry. ReIax.
Everything will be all right.
He doesn't love me, he says he's confused.
SiIIy boy.
- I don't bIame him.
- How rude is that.
He wants to go to London
to join some bhangra group.
Bhangra group?
Yes, and you know what
the name of the group is?
"Forget Daler, watch us".
What kind of a name is that?
Tissue. Thank you.
And while we youngsters
were nursing our heartaches,
the elders were finding their mates.
And can you believe it.
Those stupid red roses
were back in my house.
Enough is enough.
And if red roses were in the house,
the red dress was out.
Hi, I'd Iike to return this
sorry, not my coIor.
- Oh, Hi.
- Not mine either.
Hi! So, you didn't like it?
- No, and you?
- No.
- Nice dress.
- Nice tie.
What happened with Aman?
What? He's married?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
If I had known earlier,
would I fall in love?
-Now?
-What now?
First I couldn't fall in love
and now I can't fall out of it.
But I have to,
or else me and my heart will feel lonely.
You will never be alone.
I will always be there.
Why are you being so nice to me?
WeII... I'm a nice guy.
If you loved me,
your heart wouldn't break.
- Rohit!
- You see!
That's the problem with you.
You never take me seriously.
But when are you ever serious?
Right now!
- You don't really mean that.
- Not at all.
You think you will ever fall in love
with someone again?
My silence said it all,
and Rohit realized that his first love--
I have to forget her.
I have to forget my first love.
It's not that easy...
lt's not that easy...
...to forget your first love...
It's not at all easy.
My first love, Dev Anand.
My first and last love, Lajjo.
- My first love--
- Love Chand.
Kukreja.
- You too!
My first love.
Basanti from BorivaIi.
She said no, so I shot her.
You cannot forget your first love,
you can never forget it.
I will not allow you to forget.
Listen, Rohit, if you don't call me back,
I will do something.
PIease Rohit...
PIease caII me back Rohit.
What's all this, Dad?
Nude girls, enjoy. Enjoy!
I don't want to enjoy!
Don't want to enjoy?
Is everything normal?
What does normal mean?
No, Kantaben mentioned something--
What was Kantaben saying?
That you are in love with someone.
How does she know about it?
She knows you since childhood.
Of course, she would know.
Anyway, the love is not mutual.
I'm telling you that I'm in love,
I want to get married,
I want to have children, and--
Children? Is that possible?
Of course, it's possible.
Why is it not possible?
Yes, that's true.
This is America, anything is possible.
Look at my fate!
I asked for a daughter-in-law,
and I'm blessed with a son-in-law!
- Son-in-law?
- Yes, Kantaben was telling me that you--
In the closet-- Forget it!
Oh my god. No... no...
I am in love with a girl.
It's all normal!
- It's Normal!
- Normal?
- Then what is the problem, man?
- It's a long story.
We'll hear the long story later,
why don't you come home?
Your Mom's been missing you.
♪ My Rohit has come home
Lord be praised ♪
Now what is all this, Mom?
This is mango juice, this is khus.
Not this, all this dance, music?
It's our silver wedding anniversary
rehearsals.
We are going to perform that day.
What are you doing?
I don't want to do anything.
I mean...come on yeah.
And by the way, how can it be
the 25th year of your marriage,
when I am 28 years old myself?
No, no. We are trying to hide
our age from the Gujju community.
I'm sure that much of cheating is allowed.
Explain this to him.
We are stiII young.
And who are these people?
- Now you are a GCGC--
- GCGC?
Good Catch Of Gujju Community!
But don't worry about them.
We have found you a girl
and the marriage is fixed for Navratri.
Here, look her photo.
- And this is her horoscope.
- Absolutely.
And look, here's the honeymoon brochure.
Mom, he has got my honeymoon brochures.
And that's not all.
If you have a baby boy
we will call him Jignes,
and if it's a girl it will be
- Jigisa. Their pet name will be the same.
- Jigi!
- Okay?
- No, it's not okay.
I'm not marrying this girl.
I am not marrying any girl
- Everything's normal, isn't it?
- Everything is normal, Dad!
Why don't you understand?
I don't want to get married!
Are you sure? Good Iooking & rich.
- Bingo.
Sorry?
Hi, I'm CamiIIa.
That's a very nice name.
The phone number is better than the name.
- Take it, take it!
- What?
Phone number, note it down.
And if the Gujju's were
forging new relationships,
would we Punjabis
dare being left behind?
What are these letters,
private and confidential?
This is our Naina.
She's very beautiful.
Naina, this Kamoo's brother
and his family. That is--
This is my life, my wife Pammi.
That's my elder son, Montu,
and that's his, Mrs. Jassi.
And that's my shy and coy son, Bantu.
Hello.
And I'm the eldest in the house,
Badi Biji. Do PP!
- PP?
- Pairi Pauna, what else?
And yes, I forgot,
these are my grandchildren,
Bhagat Singh and Bhagat Singh.
- Greetings.
Two Bhagat Singhs?
When there can be two films
why can't there be two grandchildren?
You are absolutely right.
Grandmother, I need to speak
to you about something.
Can you please come with me
to the kitchen?
Of course, she loves a lot.
Please have something to eat.
Please, eat!
- What's all this?
- What do you mean?
It's Kammo's brother and his family,
they have come especially
from India to meet us.
- They are very healthy and wealthy.
- That I can see,
but what are they doing here?
They have come with a marriage proposal,
what else?
Oh... CongratuIations...
- Why don't you get married then?
- Naina!
They can hear everything.
- Tell them to leave immediately.
- Why should they leave?
You are 23 years old already,
if you don't marry,
what will our community say?
I don't care what your community
says or what you think.
- I'm not interested in getting married.
- How can that be?
If you are so interested in marriage
why don't you get married?
I'm sure Chaddaji will be ready for that.
They can hear everything.
See how rude she is!
It's all because of you.
If you were not running
after that stupid hotel,
you wouldn't have forgotten
your duties as a mother.
I remember my duties as a mother.
You are forgetting
that besides being a mother,
- I also have the duties of a father.
- And whose fault is that?
Just stop it?
You are talking about duties?
It's the duty of a family to teach love.
Children in other families
have grown up watching love,
we have only seen your hatred,
only your hatred!
After dad's death,
has there been a single day
when the two of you haven't fought?
Who would want to forge a bond
with these broken relationships?
Who would want to marry me?
Tell me, who would want to marry me?
Hello, so you guys want to marry
into this family?
Bad idea! We are all mad
and we will drive all of you mad too!
Please, eat that big laddoo.
You love Aman and he's married.
Why did you fall in love, Naina?
If I'd known earlier,
would I have fallen in love?
No.
Now, why are you crying?
Because I know you very well.
You will never be able to take this pain.
You will never be happy.
You will never fall in love again.
You will never marry.
- You will be all alone, just like me.
- Yes.
How can you agree with me?
You should be consoling me.
You should be telling me, ''No Mom,".
''I will be happy, I will love again,
I will marry!'' And you are saying yes.
How can I console?
I love him, Mom. I really love him.
He harasses me, he makes fun of me.
Wherever I go, he follows me.
And he eavesdrops
on everyone's conversations.
But, I stiII Iove him.
Why do I Iove him?
Why is this happening to me?
What should I do?
Everything will be alright, my child.
Everything will be alright!
I know,
our angel is looking at us,
he will make sure
that your life is filled with love again.
He will teach you to love again.
You will love again. You will love a lot.
Come on my child.
Let's go home.
Even Aman wanted to fill
my life with love again,
with Rohit's love.
But Rohit...
The Iady's name is CamiIIa.
CamiIIa! It's a very IoveIy name.
You must reaIIy Iove this CamiIIa!
Because this neckIace is very expensive.
It's $20,000.
- How much?
- $5.
Okay, Great.
Oh! not the red ones pIease.
They disturb me.
- How's the yeIIow?
- Okay, much better.
Thank you. Nice to see you. Bye.
- Hello, Camella.
- Hi, Rohit.
I was about to phone you.
Where are you?
I'm in the temple, where else?
- Praying for a long life for you.
- Really? Wow, that's nice.
- So are we meeting this evening?
- Ofcourse, can't wait.
Nine, Water's Edge?
- Your tabIe for two is ready.
- LoveIy.
Hey! Excuse me a sec.
Jerry my man.
- You know what to do?
- Yeah, sure.
- Where's Rohit?
- I wouldn't know.
- You wouldn't know?
- I mean, I don't know.
- Where's Rohit?
- I won't tell you.
He's gone with a girl.
-With a girl?
-Girl, girl!
- I got that! But where has he gone?
- I won't tell you.
- Why not?
- Let me go!
- I told you, I won't tell you.
Water's edge, 9 p.m., with a girl.
- Look, don't follow him there.
- What are you doing?
- What do you mean?
- Don't ruin his life! Leave him.
Kanta! I will die,
but I will never leave Rohit.
He can't belong to another girl.
Oh my god! yes...yes....yes...
I wiII marry you.
Ladies & GentIemen.
He just proposed to me.
I'm getting married!
I'm so excited.
Come on get up Rohit.
Take a bow.
I'm very happy and you?
I'll be back.
Hey, Mom! The work is done!
No problem at all.
Nothing can go wrong when I'm around.
Come hell or fire,
let Rohit and Aman always be far apart!
Rohit weds CamiIIa....
Congratulations!
Heard you are getting married?
Yes, yes, Pamela loves me.
Her name is Camilla,
and she only loves your money.
- Money? How can you be so uncool?
- You are a bloody fool!
Listen, I'm not getting
carried away by you this time.
OK, but just go and tell her,
"Camilla darling,
I don't want my father's money.
I want to make my life on my own.
I want to stand up on my own two feet,
will you stand by me?
That is sick!
That is cheap...
I will never say that.
Never, never, never.
Camilla, darling,
I don't want my father's money.
I want to make my life on my own,
I want to paddle my own canoe,
will you stand by me?
I'm ready to marry you!
Just listen to me--
I don't understand,
how you let Naina go so easily?
Ladies & GentIeman...
WeIcome to LaIaIand.
Rohit loves Naina,
Naina doesn't love Rohit,
She loves Aman,
but Aman tells Rohit that he
shouldn't let go of Naina so easily.
So basically Aman is insane!
Who are you talking to?
I haven't gone insane,
your brains have been displaced.
Naina hasn't fallen in love with me.
She just thinks that she has
fallen in love with me.
She thinks? Yeah, she thinks!
Now what does that mean?
I am a new entry in her life,
I just laughed a little with her,
made her smile,
and she thought she is in love with me.
While you have known her for years.
She takes you for granted.
She is not going to dream
that you are in love with her.
Now just forget all this friendship
business and show her some love.
Whether she says yes or no,
leave it to her.
But at least give her a chance.
You keep running after that Chameli.
- Lily. Camilla!
- Camilla!
But you know Camilla has really sexy legs.
What legs man...
- Shut up! We are talking about Naina.
- Focus on Naina.
Naina's beautiful eyes.
Naina's lovely face.
Naina's fury.
Naina's love.
Naina's smile.
Whenever she does, that is.
Naina's hair, when she ties them up.
Actually, I like her hair
when it falls loose.
For you, of course--
I'm married!
And what if you weren't?
Then I wouldn't let go of her.
I'm not an idiot like you.
I am taIking about Naina.
- Now what do I do?
- You don't do anything
Now whatever has to be done,
I will do it.
You just do, what I tell you to do,
I have a plan.
Six days and the girl is in love.
Just six days.
But why six days?
Because I don't work on Sundays.
Day one.
Naina waits for me everyday here at six.
We go together from here to the class.
- But you won't go with her today.
- Why?
Because I said so.
Will your plan bring us closer
or throw us apart?
I have a theory about girls--
The more you run after them,
the more they will run away from you.
But if you run away from them,
they will be confused
and run after you,
to find out, why she is confused.
And we have to take advantage
of the confusion of a confused girl.
Even I'm confused!
That you are from childhood.
That can't be helped.
Do as I say.
Put this into your ear.
- Put it where?
- In your ear.
This device will be attached to the phone
so that I can speak to you constantly.
Now, just do as I ask you to.
- Rohit come in pIease.
- AIfa Bravo CharIie, I read you.
I have reached the college.
Good soldier, now relax.
At ease. At ease. Yeah!
Loosen your tie.
For God's sake, change your walk.
- Walk?
- Yes, your walking style.
I mean cooI waIk, you know?
- Have you reached the classroom?
- Yes.
So stop shaking, idiot!
Can you see Naina?
- Yes.
- Shut your mouth, duffer.
Go and sit next to her
but don't speak to her.
Where were you? I was waiting for you
for over half an hour.
You are always Iate.
I just don't understand this.
Don't look at her.
Look up, look down, look to the side.
Not her side, idiot!
The opposite side!
I'm talking to you.
What has happened to you? Are you ill?
- Look at her angrily!
- Look at me.
Not so subtly, over act.
Look at her angrily.
Look at me, Rohit.
Now, put your finger into your nose.
Day two.
And don't forget, cool walk.
Don't sit near Naina.
- Then where do I sit?
- Near some sexy girl.
Oh my god! It's Gita.
- Okay, Hi.
- It's my birthday.
Oh, Birthday.
It's not my birthday.
Tell her that.
- Hi, it's my birthday.
- Oh, happy birthday.
- Hi, It's my birthday.
- Hi, Happy birthday.
Put your cheek forward.
Did Naina see that?
Now hold her, hold her tight,
hug her and don't let her go.
Tight! Tight! Sorry.
Over and out.
Day three.
- HeIIo Rohit!
- Yes, come in Aman.
- Rohit! Idiot.
- Yes.
Do you want to say something?
- You won't attend class today.
- Ok.
- No, I want to go to the class today.
- Okay, Shut up.
Your plan is all rubbish!
I haven't spoken to Naina for three days.
Even I haven't
spoken to Naina for three days.
But you are not the one
in love with her, stupid!
Don't worry. When Naina calls you,
you will not speak to her.
- No, I will speak to her.
- No, you won't.
- Yes, I will.
Naina, I Iove you...
Sorry. It's your mother.
See? It's always mothers
who come to the rescue.
Mummy, I Iove you.
Sorry.
Yes, I have taken the medicine.
Why would I lie?
Mummy, Bye.
And what is that?
They are two fingers, what else?
See, Naina didn't call.
Sorry man, I asked.
See...? Naina didn't caII.
Don't worry, I know Naina.
She will wake up from her bed,
she will pick up the phone to call,
but her ego will stop her.
Forget it.
But she's your friend...
She must be missing you.
So she will get up again,
she will pick up the phone again,
and she will curse you twice.
- Idiot! Moron.
- She'll definitely call.
I don't believe you,
that must be your mother again.
- Don't make fun of my mother!
- What did I say?
Oh, my God!
- What happened to her?
- I don't know.
Today, you will speak to Naina.
And you will say what we discussed.
Understood?
- Hi Naina...
- Hi Lee.
- Thank you for your notes.
- Your welcome.
Day four.
Hi, Naina!
Just a second--
How far can you run from me, darling?
Just leave my hand.
I don't know what's happened to you,
I think you have gone mad.
For the past three days, I have been
trying-- Where were you, Rohit?
When I needed a friend, where were you?
I'm tired,
I'm really tired of being your friend.
When you want to laugh, it's Rohit.
When you want to cry, it's Rohit.
But when you have to love,
it's someone else!
It's not going to work anymore, right?
- Are you alright, Rohit?
- No, no. You listen to me.
- We are friends, right?
- Yes.
So a very intelligent man has said,
the first step to love is friendship,
and the last step is friendship too.
Only the middle is left.
Take a step, Naina,
and you will find your path.
Think. Think.
And to think I give you...
my entire life.
I wonder what Rohit meant.
That day I felt
Rohit had ceased to be my friend,
and become something else.
And what that something else was,
I didn't know.
Day five.
Hi, Naina.
- Hi!
- Hi, Rohit.
Hi, Sweetie, how are you doing?
This is for you.
What's in this?
My heart.
Just kidding.
The red in here is the color of my heart.
It looks wonderful on you.
It's not a gift, it's a question.
Isn't Subhash Ghai's film called Taal?
Sorry, couldn't think
of a rhyming fourth line.
Love, Rohit.
Day Six.
I'm not a poet, Damsel.
Because I don't remember the next lines.
Rohit, what's going on?
- Look, I need something from you.
- What?
I have to join these dance classes
for Salsa.
Dance class! Yes.
It's Mom and Dad's wedding anniversary,
and I have to perform an item.
Don't ask me, okay?
Look, I can't do that 'Dandia' Okay.
So I thought, "Why not salsa?"
I need a partner to join the classes.
Since you are going to be my life partner,
why not start now?
Babes! No!
I'm just asking for a chance to dance
not to flirt with you.
No, Rohit.
This is the last time
I'm doing something for you.
My boy, those were very fine lines.
Because they were from here.
God, I really love her.
I love her too.
I am kidding.
- Dog!
See you later!
I'm not a poet, damsel,
but from the moment I saw you, I--
♪ Life's changing every moment. ♪
♪ Life is now a shade. ♪
♪ Life is now sunshine. ♪
♪ Every moment on earth. ♪
♪ Live life to the fullest. ♪
♪ Whatever time you have is yours. ♪
♪ For tomorrow might never come ♪
♪ Someone to love you with all his heart ♪
♪ Is difficult to come by. ♪
♪ Should there be someone like that. ♪
♪ He's the one for you, be sure. ♪
♪ His hand. ♪
♪ You must take. ♪
♪ For all you know. ♪
♪ Tomorrow might never be. ♪
What do you say?
Shall we tonight?
♪ In the realm of your eyes. ♪
♪ Should someone get close to you. ♪
♪ Try a million times
To control your crazy heart. ♪
♪ But it shall continue to beat wildly. ♪
♪ But think it over. ♪
♪ This is the moment. ♪
♪ This legend. ♪
♪ Might not exist tomorrow. ♪
♪ Life's changing every moment ♪
♪ Life is now a shade...
Iife is now sunshine. ♪
♪ Every moment on earth...
Iive Iife to the fuIIest ♪
♪ Whatever time you have is yours... ♪
♪ for tomorrow might never come. ♪
Red tie and a suit blue,
will make you look like a new you.
Absolutely Dumb.
Sorry, couldn't think of a rhyming line.
Just look at me.
- What do you see?
- Nothing.
Just look at this!
Why should I?
I don't want to see that.
- Look at my tie.
- You were saying this, I thought--
Naina has given me this tie.
And a lovely love letter.
If it wasn't for you,
there would be nothing.
You should write a book!
Six days and you get the girl.
I was thinking that too.
Anyway, whatever I did for you is fine.
But even you are quite lucky.
Because for you, I--
What did I do?
I didn't do anything.
It's all you,
it's because of you and your love.
You are so great!
You don't even want to take the credit.
The truth is that it's because
of you Naina is in my heart,
in my heartbeat, in every breath--
- And in my room.
- And in my room!
Must have been fun, right?
Must have been great fun
breaking my heart.
Six days and you get the girl!
Both of you should be given an award!
Fantastic, Rohit.
- Listen, Please listen to me.
- No you listen to me.
I thought of you as a friend
and poured my heart out to you.
And what did you do?
You told him everything!
And he wants to play God to everyone,
and he decided that
since he couldn't love me,
he would find love for me!
So he knocked on your door!
And told you that your friendship is
not just friendship, it's love!
And you got convinced?
Rohit, what kind of a person are you?
Who doesn't know his own heart or
understand his own feelings?
I love you Naina, and that's the truth!
No, that's not true!
The truth is, you have broken my heart!
You have hurt me.
I know that I didn't have
laughter in my life before,
didn't have happiness,
but at least I had a friend!
But today you have
taken that away from me too.
Both of you did.
- Just listen to me.
- No!
No! I don't want to hear anything.
I don't want to understand anything.
For God's sake, just leave me alone!
Wait a second!
Naina, I wish I could tell you
how much I love you.
One second. Wait. I love you.
I love you very very much, Naina.
And then it says, I love you.
And when I close my eyes I see you,
when I open my eyes, I long to see you.
Even when you are not near me,
I feel you in everything.
Every second, every minute, all the time.
My eyes search for my Naina.
Call it love, madness,
or just my heartbeat,
it's the same thing for me.
A lot of people have loved before,
but my love stands apart
from all of them because--
they don't have you.
I can never forget you, Naina.
I don't want to forget you.
You are mine and I will love you forever.
I will love you till I die
and even after that!
Really...
All of this is written in Rohit's diary.
How can he hurt--
And you have such a bad handwriting.
Aman, all this? I didn't--
You didn't write it, but I said it.
If you had to write it,
you would write the same thing isn't it?
So I said what was in your heart.
What's the big deal?
And girls like all this,
I have done it a lot.
Naina!
Sorry, Mom. It's late, let's go.
I want to say something to you.
Just listen to me.
Naina, to sustain life long relationships,
every relationship has to
have strength along with love.
Your Dad loved us a lot,
but he was a weak man.
He left us all and went away.
He didn't even for a moment think,
what would become of us after him.
But Rohit, Rohit is not weak.
He loves you a lot.
It's so easy to say that Dad was weak.
And Rohit taking someone else's help
to attain your love,
isn't that a sign of weakness?
Tell me Mom--
To attain his love he sought help,
what's wrong with that?
Look, Naina,
I will still say Rohit is not a weak.
He knows you love someone else
and yet he is willing to accept you.
That's strength, my child. That's love.
If you reject his love today,
it will be a girl's decision
and tomorrow when you repent it,
it will be a woman's regret!
Mom!
- Hello.
- Hi, Rohit.
- Naina!
- Where are you?
In the office.
I wanted to speak to you.
Actually, It's kind of private.
Private and confidential? J. Kapur?
Oh my god. It's Frankie's letter. Didi!
Didi! Guess what?
- What happened?
- Congratulations! Fantastic
But how did you know?
I haven't even opened it.
- What did you not open?
- Don't even open it.
- Aman will run away.
- No, I won't.
- It's Frankie's letter!
- Yes, yes.
- What happened?
- Naina wants to meet Rohit.
FinaIIy and they're going for
the first meeting.
And Frankie's sent a letter.
Yes that's fantastic news.
I'm going to get her ready myself.
I've got the perfect white dress.
And do you know what?
- Yes, Frankie has sent a letter!
And now we'II go... & eat something.
But how did that happen?
I'm just a sexy genius.
- It's Frankie's letter.
- It's mine!
- Letter is mine give it to me.
- One minute.
Let me see, what he has written.
It's not Frankie's letter.
She's looking so pretty!
Just pull this up a bit.
Lord protect you from evil eye!
Enough, may I leave?
Naina, you...
I like her hair down.
Your hair...
...look better, when they are down.
Go.
- Rohit, all this--
- Please!
I know you don't have love for me today,
But I'm sure someday you will.
I'm sure!
And I will wait for that day,
because I know that day
will definitely come.
But for today, have faith in my love.
Because I know it's enough for both of us.
I know it's enough.
I wanted to give these flowers
to you once before, but I couldn't.
Don't reject them today...
They will wilt.
Naina, Marry me!
Hello! Yeah! Ya!
She said yes.
Everybody... I need a hug
come on everybody.
The next step was to convince
Karsanbhai and Sarlaben,
which wasn't very difficult.
- After all.
- It's just geography!
Come, come, Julieben!
- Jennifer.
- Who is Jennifer?
It's alright.
- Why don't you have something?
- Yes, sure.
Just pass me the cock.
Yes, yes. Coke.
So everything is fixed!
Engagement and our wedding anniversary
will be on the same day.
And two days later will be the wedding,
is it alright?
As you say!
As you wish.
- And the funny thing, Jamnaben is...
- Jenniferben.
There's this famous decorator from Paris,
who is coming and at the same time,
he will decorate my hole.
No... I have a very big hoIe! Isn't it?
-Very big...
- Hall.
Look, Patelji, I leave all the details of
the wedding up to you.
I am just happy
that we got such a good boy.
I just miss my son.
Very sad. Rohit told us.
- What happened?
- Heart attack.
Oh, Heart attack.
Just waiting for
Naina and Shiv to settle down,
then I can peacefully leave
for Chandigarh!
And what about Gia?
- She is not--
- Grandmother!
No, no, Gia is as much ours as Naina is.
And...
My husband didn't die of a heart attack,
he committed suicide.
Why did you have to tell them the truth?
New relationships cannot be built on lies.
When you couldn't handle
old relationships,
how will you handle new ones?
Relationships are not handled,
they are maintained!
But what would you know about them?
Listen!
I will only be your daughter-in-law
when Gia is your granddaughter.
Gia was not my grand daughter
and she will never be!
Blood is blood after all!
That's it! I don't want to hear anymore!
Why? When you are so fond
of saying the truth
learn to listen to it too.
Gia is not my granddaughter.
She is not a part of this family.
She is just a burden.
A burden which you thrust
on this family by adopting her.
A burden which took away
all the happiness in the family,
took away peace, took away my son!
I hate her, I hate that nasty little--
No!
We are still paying for my son's mistakes.
His first mistake was marrying you.
The second was adopting that girl.
He made one more mistake.
You? Who the hell are you
to interfere in our family matters?
No one, just a voice that should
have reached you a long time ago.
A truth that you should have
realized long ago.
PIease Jenny, Let me say it.
Since you are harping on the truth,
I would like to tell you a truth too.
About your son's illicit relationship,
which he hid from all of you,
but he couldn't hide its result.
Do you know the name of the result?
The result was Gia...
who was not accepted by her own mother,
but was accepted
by your daughter-in-law, Jenny.
She was brought into this house
Jenny, who could have seen the face
of the other woman in Gia's face,
who could have seen her husband's mistakes
in that face,
but what she chose to see
were those incomplete eyes.
And she chose to complete those
eyes by filling them with love.
That's your daughter-in-law, Jenny.
Your son would have understood
her hurt and her anger,
but he couldn't understand her love.
Jenny's strength
kept reminding him of his own weakness
and that feeling took his life.
Not Gia.
Dear Jennifer,
I know in these last six years
I have only enquired about Gia,
never about you.
But today, in this last letter,
I just want to thank you.
Thank You Jennifer. Thank You!
Women are built to forgive the
mistakes that their husbands make
but very few women have the courage
to accept the mistake
and shower love to such a degree
that it doesn't remain a mistake.
You accepted Gia when I, her mother,
couldn't accept her.
And for this I will always
remain indebted to you.
They say that when
a man makes a mistake,
he also possesses the ability
to pay the price for it.
But Jennifer, all these years you have
paid a price for a mistake,
that was not yours.
And all that because of me.
lf you can, please forgive me.
l'm sorry Jennifer.
l'm really sorry
I caused you a lot of pain.
He was a good man!
It was just a mistake!
- Just a mistake!
- Yes, child, yes.
He was a good man!
He was a good man.
And finally,
Gia's perfect family was complete.
All the distances were bridged,
and we started praying together.
Like one big happy family.
The engagement preparations
had begun in full swing.
Jean De Bon, the famous decorator
from France had arrived,
to do up the Patel Mansion.
- Drapes.
- From the top.
- Leaving all the love of my family.
- I have to go to my beloved's land.
And in Aman's mansion, there was chaos.
- Oh, God!
God had heard Kantaben's prayers,
Rohit was getting married to a girl.
Finally, the day of the engagement.
Gujarat opened its opulent doors
for Punjab in its characteristic splendor.
♪ One, two, three...
what a community! ♪
♪ The Shahs, the PateIs, the Mehtas,
they have the best jeweIIery. ♪
♪ - But who are we...?
- Yes, who are we? ♪
♪ Who are we? ♪
♪ G-U-J-J-U! ♪
- Say "G".
- Gathiya
- "U"
- Undiyo
- "J"
- Jamwa
- Jamnagar
"U"
♪ G-U-J-J-U! ♪
♪ Gujju, Gujju!
Rohit and Naina! ♪
- Should we call Kunwari Kudi?
- Shut up!
That was great!
Fantastic!
What a show! Fabulous!
It was great!
And now that Gujarati's
have had their chance,
watch all the Punjabis dance!
Yo! frankie!
Let's begin!
♪ My love! ♪
♪ That's the way, my love! ♪
♪ From your forehead
hangs the adornment. ♪
♪ The earring dangles in your ears. ♪
♪ My love! ♪
♪ The bangles chime from your hand. ♪
♪ Your anklets jingle in your feet. ♪
♪ My love! ♪
♪ Your eyes say
God Almighty. ♪
♪ Your heart sings
God Almighty ♪
♪ Drunk on nectar
God almighty ♪
♪ You, my beloved. ♪
♪ You are the one, beautiful one
Come to me, My love ♪
♪ That's the way, My love. ♪
♪ Your eyes are dark. ♪
♪ Yours is a fair lovely face. ♪
♪ Yours is the glitter of gold. ♪
♪ You're a moon-like beauty, my love ♪
♪ Your pink cheeks
God Almighty ♪
♪ Your drunken gait
♪ Take my heart away
God Almighty ♪
♪ O beautiful one ♪
♪ It's a shower of colors ♪
♪ The buds exude a delicious fragrance ♪
♪ In the heart plays the flute ♪
♪ All the stars in
the skies are now mine ♪
♪ My heart goes out to them. ♪
♪ When you came all decked up
Your hands adorned with henna. ♪
♪ Watch your step. ♪
♪ Hearts here are skipping a beat. ♪
♪ Moon of mine. ♪
♪ How will I tell you. ♪
♪ How much I love you. ♪
♪ I love you so dearly. ♪
♪ Every happiness, I'd seek and find. ♪
♪ To accompany you in your palanquin. ♪
♪ Aman, let's call Priya. ♪
I'm fine,
why do you want to trouble Priya?
It's her wedding anniversary today.
Don't worry Mrs.Mathur
I have aIready paged her.
No pagers, no mobiles, you promised.
It could be from the hospital, Abhay.
You are not the only doctor
in the hospital.
Abhay!
Priya, it's always like this.
Today, I'm going to
spend all your money.
As if I have ever stopped you, sweetheart.
No, Rohit, it's too expensive.
Come on, Naina
It's so nice...
and what's nicer is
that Dad is paying for it.
Come on, it's IoveIy.
- Yes, it's IoveIy... CamiIIa.
- CamiIIa?
You Iook at it niceIy.
Go look at it.
- CamiIIa!
- CamiIIa is dead.
It's a Iong story.
- Hi... Priya, right?
- Yeah!
- I'm Naina.
- Naina...
Aman's friend.
Oh my god! Naina...
Aman talks a lot about you.
- I hope they're nice things
- Of course.
By the way, this is Rohit, my fiance.
Rohit, this is Priya.
Aman's--
- Oh! right. Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yeah!
- So you guys shopping?
- Trying to...
Me too.
It's our anniversary today.
So I thought I'd spend
all my husband's money.
So, is Aman here too?
Aman? Why would he be here?
Abhay, these are Aman's friends.
Naina and Rohit.
- Hi!
This is Abhay, my husband.
Did you get remarried?
Husband? You married again?
Priya, you were married?
How come I was not invited?
Abhay shut up.
One is more than enough!
Actually, we met through Aman.
He's such a great guy
fuII of Iife.
Always wanting to see everyone happy.
But today...
...but today when I see him...
Really, Priya, when I see Aman today,
I can't believe that...
Aman doesn't have much time left.
But it's reaIIy nice to know that
you guys are with him.
In his Iast days.
Aman doesn't have much time.
Listen, live, laugh, smile.
Who knows? Tomorrow may not come.
Priya is my wife.
I will love you forever.
I will love you till the day I die
and even after that!
Aman, what are you doing?
Mom, I have to go.
Please!
I Iove you. I Iove you
very very much.
You lied.
You love Naina, you lied!
I don't love Naina.
Don't do that!
Doing that doesn't change the truth, Aman.
Naina loves you, you love Naina!
How did I become a part
of this love story?
Love stories are made with two hearts,
Rohit.
And in a few months my heart
won't exist in the love story.
I will just be a memory.
You are the reality, Rohit.
I can face reality, Aman.
But I don't have the strength
to fight a memory, Aman.
You don't have the strength?
How can you say that?
It means you don't love Naina
as much as I thought you did.
Say you don't know how to love!
What do you know?
What do you know about my love?
You know nothing!
Naina is my life,
my everything, my love...
...And you will let go of your life
so easily?
Why don't you understand, Rohit?
Naina will get me only to lose me,
but what will she gain, if she loses you?
Neither love nor a great friendship!
Her love is yours. It belongs to you!
It just needs time, and that's what
I don't have. I don't have time.
Naina belongs to you, you can't leave her!
If not for you, if not for Naina,
at least do this as a dying man's wish!
Please fulfill my last wish, Rohit.
You can't leave Naina!
That's it!
What would you have done
if you were in my place?
I wish I was in your place.
I wish.
Do you love me so much...
...that you want to leave behind
love for meafter you are gone?
Even if it is someone else's?
Why...
...Why do you love me so much?
I don't love you.
I don't Iove you, Naina...
I don't Iove you
I don't love you.
I don't love anyone.
Why do you love me so much?
♪ The beautiful bride
glows like the moon ♪
♪On her forehead, dangles the adornment ♪
♪ She raises her gaze, slowly and shyly ♪
♪ I'm bowled over ♪
♪ Look at your dear ones today
To your heart's content ♪
♪ You won't find them
with you ever again ♪
♪ May you find all the happiness ♪
♪ May all the desires of your heart
Be fulfilled ♪
♪ You are hiding your grief. ♪
♪ And I bow my head ♪
♪ You are quiet.
I am silent. ♪
♪ Who shall anyone reason with? ♪
♪ These distances ♪
♪ Do us apart ♪
♪ Meeting again ♪
♪ Might not be possible again ♪
♪ My dear daughter ♪
♪ Naughty daughter ♪
♪ Who has borne her, Lord? ♪
♪ And who shall take her away? ♪
♪ It's true, I have hurt your heart ♪
♪ But I always wondered ♪
♪ Why does the heart grieve?
Why are the eyes moist? ♪
♪ What was bound to happen is happening. ♪
♪ Let's forget about it. ♪
♪ For no trace of this. ♪
♪ Might remain tomorrow. ♪
♪ Every moment here,
live to the fullest. ♪
♪ This is the moment ♪
♪ Tomorrow might never be. ♪
♪ Everyone's come to meet you. ♪
Gia, let Aman rest.
We will come again tomorrow.
Come.
- Lataji!
- Leave it.
Good night, sweetheart!
Thank you, sexy!
You have put on weight after marriage.
- How are you feeIing?
- Fantastic!
I'm sorry...
- I...
After you.
I think so.
Rohit, Naina is yours in this life.
But in every life after this...
...in every birth, she will be mine.
Promise me... promise me
I promise.
Dog!
I promise you.
I want to sleep now.
Just wake me up before you leave.
Aman! Not yet... idiot!
20 YEARS LATER
And he went away,
leaving all of us behind.
He became a memory...
A memory that is the foundation
of all my relationships.
He was my first love,
and yours too.
Isn't that right, Gia?
I can never forget him.
He taught me to love, to love life,
to love myself...
...to love Rohit.
I can never forget him.
We...
...we can never forget him.
Mom, it's too coId
can we go inside pIease.
- Coming darIing.
- Come on come on.
Wait on Ria.
By the way,
- I haven't said this recently.
-What?
That I Iove you!
Every girl wants to find
a good friend in her husband...
...but I was fortunate to find
a husband in my best friend.
I am Naina Catherine Kapur Patel,
and this was my story.